- [[面试]]
	- [[research proposal]]
	- [[Qiu]]
		- [[论文总结]]
		- [[为什么对老师感兴趣]]
	- [[自我介绍]]
	  collapsed:: true
		-
		- Is the volume level alright
		-
		-
		- Good afternoon professor Qiu！I am very excited and honored to have the opportunity for this interview.
		- My name is Muhang He,.I am 21 years old and majored in the Biomedical engineering at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. （My name is He Muhang, which is different from the name in my email）.I have consistently ranked in the top 10% of my major in terms of academic performance throughout my college years. I will be graduating next year and obtaining my bachelor's degree.
		-
		- I am interested in pursuing a Ph.D. degree because of two projects I worked on during the year, both of which were related to deep learning. One project involved visual object detection in disinfection robot systems, and I am currently working on writing a paper for this project to submit to the ICRA conference. The other project focused on using deep learning for image registration in human **cardiac** imaging (a different avenue altogether). These two projects sparked a strong interest in me in the field of the  application of deep learning in engineering.
		- During my first year at university, I took an interesting course called "The Mysterious Human Brain," and as part of the course, the professor asked us to submit an assignment discussing an invention in the field of neuroscience that we believed would benefit humanity in the future. At that time, I wrote about inventing a device for treating addiction. It sounds a bit rough
		-
		- Now I am studying graph neural networks. The development of graph neural networks, starting from the Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) in 2017, has been less than a decade. So the application of GNNs in the field of neuroscience is particularly new and promising. I learned about your research area through Professor Tong Shanbao. I have read your recent papers and gained an understanding of your expertise in the field of neuroscience and human health,especially in the field of the  the early diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases and neurodevelopmental disorders
		-
		- **. I discovered that you are researching new graph **spatio-temporal** networks for predicting **Alzheimer's** disease, as well as conducting research on GNN data augmentation and theoretical aspects of GNNs. Your research have captured my interest and have made me very very veryexcited. I am also planning to reach out to a professor from the Computer Science department at my university during my last year to learn more about graph neural networks and gain practical knowledge of coding.
		- Though I have a lot to learn in GNNs, I am willing to try my best.
	- [[为什么选择polyU]]
	- [[为什么选择HTI]]
		- [[为什么不去BME]]
	- [[自己的科研经历]]
	- [[我的科研rp简介]]
	- [[我的兴趣]]
	- [[我想问的问题]]
	- [[我是如何学习的]]
	- [[未来的职业规划]]
		-
	-
	-
	- [[邮箱问题]]
		- I first want to make an apology and clarify a misunderstanding,the email I sent to you using the ID xiaoyao, it is not my real name, just the ID for the email
	-
	-