- [[申请]]
	- Alberta University
		- BME faculty
			- [jabbari@ualberta.ca](mailto:jabbari@ualberta.ca)
				- I am an Associate Professor of computational biology/bioinformatics at the Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Alberta and the Director of Computational Biology Research and Analytics Laboratory (COBRA Lab). I am interested in finding the underlying mechanisms of human diseases with a transcriptomic lens. I have an extensive background in predicting complex structure of RNA and utilizing it for therapeutics. My past projects include numerous RNA structure prediction projects and their application in breast cancer luminal type identification using RNA-seq, identification of optimal oligonucleotide for exon skipping treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and differential gene expression analysis for stem cell to endothelial vs. neuronal cells. I am currently interested in RNA-RNA and RNA-protein interaction mechanism and their implication on human diseases, as well as understanding the process of aging.
		- Computer faculty
			- [lwestove@ualberta.ca](mailto:lwestove@ualberta.ca)
				- 生物力学 在招博士生Dr. Westover joined the Department of Mechanical Engineering in 2018. Her research focus is in biomechanics and biomedical engineering. Dr. Westover’s research includes laboratory experimental work, computational modeling, and in vivo experimental work.
			- [my.ccid@ualberta.ca](mailto:my.ccid@ ualberta.ca) [金军，博士 - Directory@UAlberta](https://apps.ualberta.ca/directory/person/jjin5)
				- 机器人 在招博士生
			- [xingyu@ualberta.ca](mailto:xingyu@ualberta.ca) [Xingyu Li, PhD - Directory@UAlberta](https://apps.ualberta.ca/directory/person/xingyu)
				- 视觉、图像、深度学习
				- 不知道在招生没有
			-
-