- [[10.7 CityU 面试准备]]
	- 自我介绍
	  collapsed:: true
		- **为什么对脑子感兴趣：**
			- During my first year at university, I took an interesting course called "The Mysterious Human Brain," and as part of the course, the professor asked us to submit an assignment discussing an invention in the field of neuroscience that we believed would benefit humanity in the future. At that time, I wrote about inventing a device for treating addiction. It sounds a bit rough
		- **对bme深度学习兴趣的原因**
		- I am interested in pursuing a Ph.D. degree because of two projects I worked on during the year, both of which were related to deep learning. One project involved visual object detection in disinfection robot systemsThe other project focused on using deep learning for image registration in human **cardiac** imaging (a different avenue altogether). These two projects sparked a strong interest in me in the field of the  application of deep learning in engineering.
	- 老师的相关论文
		- **spike inference from in vivo calcium imaging**
	- [[自己的科研经历]]
	- [[我的兴趣]] 个人兴趣
	- [[我想问的问题]] **wechat上可以增加**
	- 职业规划：
	  collapsed:: true
		- 希望能够毕业之后去顶尖的实验室继续从事生物医学工程的博士后研究，最后进入大学当教授。
		- I hope to continue my postdoctoral research in biomedical engineering at a top lab after graduation and eventually enter the industry for research and development
	- [[我是如何学习的]] 需要修改
	- [[research proposal]] **马上完善这一方面的**
	- **为什么对老师感兴趣**
	  collapsed:: true
		- neuroimage and cardiac image as well as the signal processing
		- Your lab fits my interest well
		- the directions of your lab as atracts me
		  collapsed:: true
			- the research on the spiking inference and the spiking neuron network
			- the research on the ECG
		- **我的研究计划方向：**
		- I want to research neuroimages to finding the functional connectivity of addiction、阿尔兹海默，in the brain and give out a rating system based on deep learning. it is a newly research area.
		- some functional connections in brain can be studied and predicted through ST-GCN model , we could use the ST-GCN for predicting the functional connections or instructing the way to find the function connections maybe.
			- 通过图神经网络既有很好的预测性，从神经科学的角度，也有很好的验证，那些重点区域是和神经科学中一致的：There is both good predictability through graph neural networks and good validation from a neuroscience perspective that those focus areas are consistent with those in neuroscience
			- **现有缺点：无细粒度区分 Lack of fine-grained studies**
			- **优点：**
			- a rating system
			- good for treating：using for finding he DBS treating area
			- preventing：use for Early addiction prevention
			- Evaluation of treatment effects
			- save - time
			-
			- **还可以泛化，进行其他疾病的治疗靶点的选择与验证**
				- It can also be generalized for the selection and validation of therapeutic targets for other diseases
			-
			- some studies point out that addiction is highly related to **reward system** in the brain.
				- Ventral Tegmental Area :main source of dopamine
				- Amygdala:emotion processing and memory formation,
				- **Prefrontal Cortex**:decision-making, emotion regulation, social behavior, and personality traits.
				- Striatum: form habit
				- Hippocampus: long memories
		- **InternetAddiction Test**
		- **datasets:**
			- ** 可卡因成瘾机制研究的fMRI数据集**
			- An fMRI dataset for the study of cocaine addiction