- [[10.7 CityU 面试准备]]
	- 自我介绍
	  collapsed:: true
		-
		- Is the volume level alright
		-
		- Good afternoon professor Chungtin！I am very excited and honored to have the opportunity for this interview.
		-
		- My name is Muhang He,.I am 21 years old and majored in the Biomedical engineering at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. （My name is He Muhang, which is different from the name in my email）.I have consistently ranked in the top 10% of my major in terms of academic performance throughout my college years. I will be graduating next year and obtaining my bachelor's degree.
		-
		- I am interested in pursuing a Ph.D. degree because of two projects I worked on during the year, both of which were related to deep learning. One project involved visual object detection in disinfection robot systems, and I am currently working on writing a paper for this project to submit to the ICRA conference. The other project focused on using deep learning for image registration in human **cardiac** imaging (a different avenue altogether). These two projects sparked a strong interest in me in the field of the  application of deep learning in engineering.
		- During my first year at university, I took an interesting course called "The Mysterious Human Brain," and as part of the course, the professor asked us to submit an assignment discussing an invention in the field of neuroscience that we believed would benefit humanity in the future. At that time, I wrote about inventing a device for treating addiction. It sounds a bit rough
		-
		- Now I am studying graph neural networks. The development of graph neural networks, starting from the Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) in 2017, has been less than a decade. So the application of GNNs in the field of neuroscience is particularly new and promising. I learned about your research area through Professor Tong Shanbao. I have read your recent papers and gained an understanding of your expertise in the field of neuroscience and human health,especially in the field of the  the early diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases and neurodevelopmental disorders
		-
		- **. I discovered that you are researching new graph **spatio-temporal** networks for predicting **Alzheimer's** disease, as well as conducting research on GNN data augmentation and theoretical aspects of GNNs. Your research have captured my interest and have made me very very veryexcited. I am also planning to reach out to a professor from the Computer Science department at my university during my last year to learn more about graph neural networks and gain practical knowledge of coding.
		- Though I have a lot to learn in GNNs, I am willing to try my best.
	- 老师的相关论文
	- [[自己的科研经历]]
	- [[我的兴趣]] 个人兴趣
	- [[我想问的问题]] **wechat上可以增加**
	- 职业规划：
		- 希望能够毕业之后去顶尖的实验室继续从事生物医学工程的博士后研究，最后进入大学当教授。
		- I hope to continue my postdoctoral research in biomedical engineering at a top lab after graduation and eventually join a university as a professor.
	- [[我是如何学习的]] 需要修改
	- [[research proposal]] **马上完善这一方面的**
	- **为什么对老师感兴趣**
		- some functional connections can be studied and predicted through ST-GCN model , we could use the ST-GCN for predicting the functional connections or instructing the way to find the connections maybe.
		- I want to research neuroimaging mainly on finding the addiction related functional connectivity and give out a rating system based on deep learning. it is a newly research area.
			- 通过图神经网络既有很好的预测性，从神经科学的角度，也有很好的验证，那些重点区域是和神经科学中一致的：There is both good predictability through graph neural networks and good validation from a neuroscience perspective that those focus areas are consistent with those in neuroscience
			- 现有缺点：无细粒度区分 Lack of fine-grained studies
			- 优点：
			- a rating system
			- good for treating：using for finding he DBS treating area
			- preventing：use for Early addiction prevention
			- Evaluation of treatment effects
			- save - time
			- 还可以泛化，进行其他疾病的治疗靶点的选择与验证
				- It can also be generalized for the selection and validation of therapeutic targets for other diseases
			- some studies point out that addiction is highly related to **reward system** in the brain.
				- Ventral Tegmental Area :main source of dopamine
				- Amygdala:emotion processing and memory formation,
				- **Prefrontal Cortex**:decision-making, emotion regulation, social behavior, and personality traits.
				- Striatum: form habit
				- Hippocampus: long memories
		- InternetAddiction Test
		- datasets:
			- ** 可卡因成瘾机制研究的fMRI数据集**
			- An fMRI dataset for the study of cocaine addiction