- cityu面试
	- 自我介绍 **Dear Professors**
		- I am HE Muhang, From Department of  BME SJTU
		- Over the past three academic years，My academic performance has consistently ranked top 10% in my school.- I have received a scholarship every academic year.
		- I started working in a research lab during my first year of university
			- Specifically,I have 3 main research experiences related to the application of  deep learning in biomedical engineering field.
			- Medical Image Registration, Robot Vision, and Graph Neural Networks.
			- ONE under review
		- RP -- As for my research interests, I am interested in brain image and neuroscience.
			- An Integrated Approach for Unraveling Addiction Mechanisms
			- This research aims to use Multimodal Neuroimages and Deep Learning for Comprehensive Analysis and Discoveries.
			- GOAL:
				- **discovering novel biomarkers**,and help in the** early diagnosis** and **early prevention of addiction,** facilitating the **identification of unique targets for non-invasive brain stimulation techniques**.
			- Now I working on Spatial temporal GCN based Network for Parkinson's Disease Hand Tremor Classification. as my final year project.
			  I believe this research experiences will be valuable for my future research.
	- WHY cityu
		- PROF. ting chung aligns with my interest. - Neural Computation
		- **THE university's overall strength has been increasing over the years** And I'm very interested in tin chung research area. Therefore, I have a strong desire to pursue my PhD at CityU
		- Near HOME
		- Providing scholarships for worry-free studying.
	- Leader ship
		- I think leadership is about communication and decision making as well as collaboration.
		- **Communication and Expression**: PhD students need to be able to clearly explain their research, whether to their advisors, peers, or the wider public. Leadership can help them better convey their ideas.
		- **Decision Making**: PhD students need to choose research direction, deciding on a research method, or solving problems encountered in the research. Leadership can help them make these decisions more effectively and think comprehensively
		- **Future Career Development**: Leadership can also assist PhD students in achieving success in their careers post-graduation. Regardless of whether they choose to enter academia, industry, or entrepreneurship, leadership is a crucial skill. Doctoral students with leadership skills may find it easier to secure positions, earn promotions, or build successful companies.
	- [[我的科研rp简介]]
-